rice
how good
my mother always said that I was something
special not even the doctor test does not
I was able to match you do not waste your life
I have infinite mana magic will be full
you will see an authentic world
I am here in holy faith taught the power
of thunder reminds me that here I am
the true sorcerer while
hide behind one of your children or
end spirits before falling to the ground
the scream you do not want secrets for me
complies they take fresh you've before me
to payments
Children like me do not fear death
for misfortunes for you that does not make you
innocent missouri that do not smell in the
air you flip your steering wheel energy to me
I almost bitch the electricity flows
through my veins you barely stir
you run and hit my ultimate will that
your ingredients your everywhere want
that the soil always here is our
old woman
It's time to give a good choice
I am the tormented personified energy
x-men I've let her stop my arms
they are imbued with magic they are even
I show you and check your misfortune in
this street I am the one that I command so
turn around and see an exodus praying
create your friends and we will play at the
hockey bounce in between I'll make you
your soul explodes because I'm the one who
life goes down although you do not have to
ask for it if you have who you can not upload
because you live implication will make you suffer
this voice is full of deceivers
bolivia
63 - went down whole and followed to and each
time that clothes a few strips or please that
do not come again
we talk about power I have the power of
shadows and it's always here and only
will remain leftover prison only so much ccoo
that afterwards they watch them chained
will make you wake up do not try to
Tell me what you want to beat me
wearing a beard does not make you different
tell dad smurf whoever is attached
so you can save what they want
closed eyes never lies
has been the center vote your favorite